1.

The air was so cold that Kin-Kin kept puffing out steam into his glasses, fogging them all up. We were at the mailbox and there was a huge dirt trail up to the front of the house. It looked like a normal, you know, ranch or somethin', but even from where we were standin' we could smell wet dog, urine, and feces. It was snowin' a little bit, but you wouldn't'a known it unless you looked down on your coat and saw all the little white specks --- but it might'a just been the wind blowin' the snow off the ground and into us. Hard to tell.

I had a mousegun in the front pocket of my coat and Kin-Kin had one too, but he also had a bigger gun that he kept on him most'a the time. He ust'a be a cop somewhere at some point in his life and I guess he just got used to carrying the big guns, but for me it just slowed me down. I don't know what else he was carrying but he told me to carry my gun and take something else just in case, 'cause you never knew what they were carrying. He always told me that the first rule of a gunfight is to have a gun, and the first rule of any fight is to make sure it's over before it becomes a gunfight. Giving someone a fair chance is something that people who ain't too good at fighting made up to level the playing field.

We went around back. Hundreds of crates, hundreds of barking, whining, sobbing dogs. We heard the whining from all the way back where we parked the truck but they started barking when we got closer. 

We heard someone stirring in the house, someone coming out the back door, so we slid onto the side of the house. We crouched down. Kin-Kin put his finger to his mouth to motion me to be quiet, but I wasn't gonna say nothin' even if he didn't do it. 

<em>Shut the fuck up you fuckin' cunts.</em>

A low-voiced man called to the dogs. Even though we couldn't see him, it sounded like he was showin' his teeth to the dogs. He was the alpha dog. They could rip him apart, but not if they were in cages, not if they were malnurished, not if they never got a chance to walk. 

Without me knowin', Kin-Kin got up and whipped around the side of the house. I didn't hear anything. Then I heard some muffled shouting. Kin-Kin pulled the man around to the side of the house and pointed to me to watch the back door. I pulled out my mousegun from my pocket, walked around Kin-Kin and the struggling man, and pointed it at the back door. 

I didn't get a good look at the man but I saw that he had thin, slicked back hair and was shorter than I'd thought he'd be from his voice. He was maybe five foot three or five foot four. He was stocky, maybe Mexican, maybe Italian. The light wasn't so good so it was hard to see. Kin-Kin had wrapped his arms around the man and had pointed the gun at his head. Kin-Kin rarely shot that gun, but it was necessary to get someone to shut up, he'd tell me. If you hold a knife to someone's neck they got a chance to get out of it, but you hold a gun and they don't try to get out so fast. You gott'a watch your legs. That's what they try to do, they try to kick out your legs and get out of it. Then you got to watch that they don't go for their gun. Make sure you know where their hands are, so you tell'em to put their hands out in front of them, palms up. Not in the air, Kin-Kin said, that's not a good place. You make'em put their hands out in front of'em, palms up.

“How many people...are in this house?”

“Is...It's just me.”

“Are you sure? Are you sure it's just you? Because he's ---” and Kin-Kin points to me here, “--- gonna go in there and if anyone's in there he's gonna kill'em right off. If you tell us someone's in there, he ain't gonna kill'em right off.”

“No one's in there.”

“You sure? We got five other guys on the other side of the house. You make one move and we shoot the shit outt'a anyone inside the house. Anyone inside the house?”

“No, man, no one in there, what the fuck. What do you want, man? Let the fuck go'a me, you fucker.”

“A'ight, but we gave you a fair warnin'. If anyone is in that house, they're dead, right now.”

Kin-Kin pointed his head over to me and nodded.

“Go in there and...and make sure ain't no one in that house. If you gott'a kill'em, kill'em, you got it?”

Kin-Kin was whispering before, but when he talked to me it was almost like he was screaming a whisper. Puffs of smoke came out of his mouth while he said it.

“And you tell them guys on the other side of the house to go in too.”

Of course, there weren't guys on the other side of the house.

“Now, you wanna tell me if there's anyone inside the house?”

“Man, there ain't no one in that house, let me the fuck go.”

I pulled my hat off and edged towards the door. Before I looked inside, I took my hat and I pushed it through the doorway quickly --- it's a move I saw in a movie once, to make sure nobody was gonna shoot me as soon as I went inside. Nothing happened. I peeked into the doorway quick and then pulled my head away, just in case. The room was fully lit, and it was a combination kitchen and dining room. It was a mess. The living room was attached, but there wasn't a wall or door separating them, it was just carpet that collided with the tile that told'ya where the kitchen ended and the living room began. I stepped into the house and took a good quick look around. He was right, there wasn't nobody in this house, 's far as I could tell. I walked a few feet into the living room where the TV was still flickering but was muted. There was one closet door that was on the opposite side to the bathroom, down a little hallway that attached to the living room. I walked to the side of the bathroom and pushed my hat into the doorway. Nothing. I peeked in. No one. There was just a little open bathtub and a dirty toilet. I turned and opened the closet door. Nothing. Or, no one, I should say. There was a ton of shit lying around the apartment: old newspapers, cans of food, chips bags, pizza boxes, ... it looked like he didn't give a shit at all about bugs or nothin', but maybe he didn't live here so he didn't care. 

I heard a high-pitched yip sound, which was Kin-Kin's signal to call me. I took a few big steps towards the back door, and then darted outside, my gun drawn. Kin-Kin still had the guy at gunpoint.

“Anyone in that house?”

“Man, I told you ---”

“--- Shut the fuck up, I'm talkin' to him.” Kin-Kin points his head to me.

“Ain't no one there, Kin.”

“Man, I fuckin' told you, no one is in there but me, what the fuck do you want, I ain't got no cash just lying around.”

“Who comes to check on you?”

“What?”

“Who comes to check on you while you're up here? You got a boss? Where do the puppies go?”

“Man, no one fuckin' checks on me up here, I'm my own fuckin' boss.”

“Where do the puppies go?”

“I send'em where they need to go.”

“Are you gonna fucking sass me while I got this fucking gun to your head? It wouldn't take nothin' for me to shoot you. I'm the fucking police, motherfucker, I got permission to kill your fucking ass. Don't give me a fucking reason.”

This wasn't exactly true, but Kin-Kin gets wrapped up in the moment and says things that I think sound right outt'a some movie. 

“I'm tellin' you man, I just send'em where they need to go. I got a friend who takes'em and he sells them, and we split it up.”

“Yeah? Who's your friend?”

“Man, I dunno, man, you don't know him, he ain't done anything wrong.”

“Does he come up here? Does he know where this place is?”

“Man, I dunno.”

“Does he?”

“Fuck, man, I dunno.”

Kin-Kin nods to me, and I take the duct tape out of my backpack. I break off a big piece and go in front of him, grabbing his arms and trying them together. He struggles a bit, but Kin-Kin pushes the gun against his temple and he starts shakin'. I pull off another big piece and wrap his wrists together a bit more. I get on my knees and wrap his legs around a few times at the ankles and then at the knees and then around the place between his knees and his ancles. 

We don't have the space for all of the dogs on the truck we brought. We don't even have a safe place to put the dogs. Most'of'em probably need a vet or somethin', and most of'em haven't ever been outside of a cage, so it's not like they're gonna know to follow us. The best we can do is take them to Midge's barn and let'em at least be in there for the night. But there's so many dogs. There's no way we could talk'em all in the truck, even if we came back a few times. 

I find a hand truck near the back of the house, and I wheel it over. We put him on it and duct taped him to it so he wouldn't wiggle free. It was hard tying his legs to it, but he made it work. I used so much duct tape by the point that I needed to use a second roll. We tilted him back and he kept tryin' to squirm out of it, but we were able to wheel him past all of the dog cages and back into the woods. He kept trying to say stuff, but I'd duct taped his mouth shut. While we were a middle-of-the-ways to the woods, I guess he bit through the tape over his mouth and started screamin', so I taped him back up and made sure to use a little more tape this time. When we were far enough back into the woods, we found a thin tree and propped him against it. I pulled the duct tape around the man, the hand truck, and the tree and ran around it a few times to make sure it stuck. He wasn't goin' anywhere. I rolled a few more pieces of tape around his mouth, just to make sure, and Kin-Kin nodded towards me. 

We both jogged back to the back of the house. While Kin-Kin looked at the dogs, I took out a can of spray-paint and painted a local gang's symbol onto the back of the house. I didn't know it by heart, but I had a photograph and I went off'a that. After I was done, Kin-Kin and I carried a few of the sicker-looking dogs --- mostly females who couldn't even move on their own --- to the back of the truck and laid them down on some straw. It was an open-top pickup truck so they'd get snowed on a bit, but it couldn't be helped. 

As soon as we'd picked up fifteen or twenty of'em and put'em in the back of the truck, Kin-Kin took out a prepaid phone and called this guy Hal that we knew of but never met in person.

“Hal? This is Kin. The address is 344 W. M--- Street. It's a puppy mill. There's --- There's maybe fifty or sixty dogs out here still. If you don't want'em dead, you'll get your hippie friends up here to get'em. No cops, no one is around. 344 W. M--- Street. 344. Yeah. Three-four-four.”

After that, Kin-Kin started the car up and we started driving off. The back of the truck was almost completely silent. The dogs, I guess, just didn't have the energy to cry.